fix(curriculum): changed challenge test text to use the word should for Responsive Web Design (#36860)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/basic-css/attach-a-fallback-value-to-a-css-variable.english.md

```yml
tests:

>   - text: The fallback value of <code>black</code> should have the <code>background</code> property of the <code>penguin-top</code> class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - text: The fallback value of <code>black</code> should be used in the <code>background</code> property of the <code>penguin-top</code> class.
```

    testString: assert(code.match(/.penguin-top\s*?{[\s\S]*background\s*?:\s*?var\(\s*?--pengiun-skin\s*?,\s*?black\s*?\)\s*?;[\s\S]*}[\s\S]*.penguin-bottom\s{/gi));

>   - text: The fallback value of <code>black</code> should have the <code>background</code> property of the <code>penguin-bottom</code> class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - text: The fallback value of <code>black</code> should be used in <code>background</code> property of the <code>penguin-bottom</code> class.
```
